of course when a spotting gentleman sees
a river meandering through the
countryside his fancy turns naturally to
thoughts of fishing and of all the
rivers in Scotland to get a man fumbling
for his flies the river tea excites the
most in some of the finest scenery in
the world that thoughts of climbing
walking and fishing take first place
where the Katya River tumble into fall
you can eat it's a motley scottish
rivers are amongst the best in the world
for salmon fishing and I've come to meet
angling instructor Jacque Monteith who's
going to initiate me in the dark art of
fly-fishing the best conditions for
catching salmon are wouldn't earlier
than the right frame of mind to take a
fly it doesn't matter if it's raining or
not no they're already wet I'll be
joining them and the wetness steaks at
the end of the day
with hundreds of rivers and more than
35,000 freshwater lost it's little
wonder that fishing has been popular in
Scotland since the 1700s for anglers the
T is a river of superlatives and
occupies a very special place in the
history of the sport
it is been a very famous fishing river
for many many years what do you think
makes this river so world around
that's our large catchment off the hills
he is but two and a half thousand square
miles of Scotland it drains so huge huge
so there's always enough water coming
down for fish to move even in the heat
of summer
also the fact that British rod court
record salmon was landed on the T in
1922 by Georgina Ballantine good fair
miss Georgina Ballantine I 64 pounds I
believe you call a whopper I don't know
half but she wasn't a very big woman no
she must have had a very good osteopath
it's a very pleasant pastime standing
here in the tea casting hopefully and
you're casting well there fault
thanks very much the last time I went
fishing with the flyer art does about
eight years of age and I only managed to
hook my bands who landed you there
landed myself a fight with I was that
surprised
of course I didn't catch a salmon I
didn't even get a nibble leaving the
river and the art of fly fishing to more
appreciative Souls I mounted my tricycle
to continue my journey